Update pre-created namespace doc titling (#435)
astronomer/docs: software/namespace-pools.md

---

> title: 'Configure Kubernetes Namespace Pools for Astronomer Software'

Author: ```suggestion
title: 'Configure a Kubernetes Namespace Pool for Astronomer Software'
```
